the economy is now so bad that people
are stealing your underpant you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you I'm not kidding this is actually
happening I want to show you the
situation that's been going on today as
we start going through the recession
indicators and what's happening how
people are actually dealing with the
effects of inflation it's been a mess
there's no doubt about that but I'm
going to give it to you step by step and
I want to make sure that you're aware of
how you can deal with these
circumstances and not just simply sit
there with your arms crossed and say
nothing I can do look we can't decide
what happens from the top down that
stuff is being planned by the Puppet
Masters but we can certainly help
ourselves out our families out because
somebody's got to do it for us nobody is
going to come and save us all right
let's begin right here the S&P 500 looks
risky there's a
75% chance of recession this year and a
fire firing frenzy is looming that's
according to the bond King Jeffrey
gundock so what he said was talking
about you know looking at it obviously
the Magnificent 7 those tech stocks are
way way overvalued but it's also
important to note that um looking at the
yield curve inversion yield curve
inversion we've been talking about this
for many many years on this channel what
that means is basically like the bond
market sending a major signal that a
recession is coming and it's when it
goes back like it goes down and then it
comes back up and that's the signal on
the way back up that hey we got
recession now it it inverts it it goes
the opposite way it inverts again these
things do happen so we don't know where
it's going to be tomorrow but we've been
told over and over and over again that
hey we we're smarter than that now this
is this time is different I don't know I
don't know I mean every time is
different but it's kind of the same they
print a whole bunch of money it creates
a problem they fix it with a whole bunch
of more money printing
money right anyway looking at this what
I can tell is that there's so many
different indications that you know
maybe you don't want to Define it as a
recession but people are much worse off
look at the usage of the food banks look
at the usage of the credit cards look at
the buy now pay later look at what
people are doing right now today versus
before when all that cash was flush it's
a very different world is it not
Google's latest layoffs are just the
beginning everyone at Google understands
that these are coming from the top so
you got Google cutting but of course
other tech companies are cutting other
businesses are cutting it's not just
Tech they did hire a lot a lot of these
companies 2020 easy money they hired a
lot of people and now things have
changed certainly and so that's what
Jeffrey golock is talking about I'm a
California restaurant operator preparing
for the $2 an hour fast food wage by
trimming hours eliminating employee
vacations and raising menu prices and
you could disagree with that you could
hate that guy that's what's going on
look at it the input costs rise and
immediately people in business they
respond these businesses take a lot to
operate the store leases okay if you're
leasing a store it's so expensive you be
like I I have heard from these people
who operate retail locations small
locations okay the price that they pay
is is crazy and they just hope that it's
going to get better but let me tell you
it doesn't seem like that's the case
right the landlords have higher costs
right now if you know interest rates
just drop down to zero again
okay certainly things could change but
likely in those circumstances there's a
big problem going on like if they're
going to drop it down to zero that's a
different situation I don't think that
they necessarily go if they start to cut
rates that they drop it to zero they
might you know go super slow on that
super slow eventually something breaks
but they don't have to just take it from
5 and a quarter to 5 and a five all the
way down to zero I mean there's no
nobody says that that they have to but
understand that input costs have a
direct impact on what the consumer has
to pay that's you and so we see that
right here us Consumer Debt soared to
new heights in the runup to the holiday
season I mean I didn't even need to show
you that
stat it's obvious of course of course
now people I should mention that people
were looking for deals on Black Friday
people were looking for deals on the
Cyber Monday as well as Boxing Day I
know this because my own businesses slow
before in the leadup to Black Friday and
then really hot within that weekend and
then slow again in the week after very
typical very common every year this
happens but probably even more so this
year that's the case and what are they
doing well they're shopping for
Christmas a lot of cases right so just
take that into account but at the same
time they they're using debt I mean I've
never seen anything like this before I
mean the amount of debt that's being
used and they carry a balance that
balance is crazy in fact 56 million
Americans have been in credit card debt
for at least a year we are seeing
pockets of trouble yeah I think the
pockets might have a hole in them all
right look at this 49% of credit card
holders carry debt from month to month
so you've got a problem when you know
that interest rates are above 20% on
credit cards and they're carrying that
over imagine imagine what the payments
are like you can't get out of that it's
a spiral spiral Spiral down you can
renegotiate that debt you could go claim
bankruptcy on that you know it doesn't
necessarily mean that all of those
people are paying that back but that
hurts you in different ways this is a
problem this is an issue that's been
going on and it's not going to be
resolved in anytime soon because the
government ultimately has their own
things that they
are let's just say pushing on people in
the in the the next while and we'll get
into that in a second but S&P 500 has
diverged from the job market so when I
look at that you can see the job
openings generally they would be in sync
with what's happening in the market now
job openings going down and yet the
market has gone up now I think that the
market has gone way too hot it's
accelerated we're at these alltime high
kind of levels um and it's it's in my
opinion way
overvalued but we'll see what happens I
think a lot of businesses were very
concerned about higher interest rates
and recession and so on and so they're
starting to say uh let's just uh you
know fire some people let's do the quiet
firing which is basically take away all
their incentives and all their nice
things that they have try to get them to
quit I know people that that's happened
to just seeing
it in this example here you you know you
got to understand there's this
Divergence between the two and it's
never a good thing never a healthy thing
to see that all right current
indicators take a pick most of them
don't look very strong right now whether
it's General business conditions new
orders shipment so on and so forth these
are real good deep indicators that
something's not too good why well you've
got you know starting from 2020 printed
way too much money the whole lockdown
thing um orders started going crazy they
still I mean there's some examples of
like still the stuff from 2020 still has
not been uh consumed because they went
way too crazy on certain things uh
especially with the PPE and all that
stuff they like literally hasn't been I
don't know what they were thinking they
started transforming all these factories
factories were transforming themselves
because they said we can't do that
anymore we're suffering okay let's just
go wild on all this other stuff and then
at some point they said okay we don't
need that stuff anymore so you know it's
a mess still today and I told you about
Underpants and here we are I wasn't
kidding underwear and socks are the
latest items to be locked up in
shoplifting Crackdown as Walmart and
Target take uh Target both take action
on theft of
unies I told you so here you could see
an example there was a little video that
I watched and uh basically they just do
a walk through of the store and I just
found this to
be sad I think it it's sad
it's that's the first word that came to
my mind um it's it's underwear I mean
it's you just don't ever think okay
Electronics okay you know the Apple
Store we could see that happening uh
they were doing like the cosmetics and
stuff why because you might pay like I
don't even know what Cosmetics cost but
let's say $30 here $50 there um you know
considerable I I get that but but
underwear underwear now so what we can
see from this is that the economy is
certainly declining but the government
doesn't want to stop that you see they
want to make sure that you're highly
dependent on them so if you stayed until
this part of the video you understand
the truth all the dots connect in the
money GPS videos I have it set up so
that you have to watch until the end to
understand the full picture a lot of
people that have issued their complaints
before did not wait until the end of the
video sadly uh but that's the you know
with shorts and with reels and all this
garbage U that's the way people are
trained right they need uh stimul within
3 seconds or they're gone and they will
not become successful anyway so what we
can see here is that this is a
worsening state of being um the society
is
crumbling the businesses will turn
number one to online they will all be
cashless they're not going to have cash
in the store are you kidding me and
we're going to go to a model in which
you speak to the clerk at the front or
not even a human you punch in your
number you do it on your cell phone when
you arrive the items are then given to
you you could see this with Ikea you can
see those other companies it's kind of
like a click and collect or whatever
they call it where you know you you
don't interact with a store like you
used to that's coming that's happening
and I believe it's going to uh be a part
of the cashless Society I want to know
your thoughts on this is it worrisome
are you worried about the underpant
being the next thing it's I'm I'm trying
to make a light of it in here but at the
same
time it's sad what do you think hit that
Thumbs Up Button of course as always I
do appreciate when you come out
and you you watch these videos really I
really do appreciate it if you are in a
circumstance where you need somebody to
look at your financial situation I
hooked up with money pickle all right
that's available uh right here at my
website the money GP s.com money pickle
helps out people they have cfps they've
got fiduciaries and we'll do a 45 minute
call with you and it's totally free okay
that was the stipulation that I had with
them when I signed uh up to this that
there would be a 45-minute call Totally
for free and they couldn't just pit you
couldn't just sell you anything you go
into the link and it actually there's a
you know a calendar right there you pick
the calendar where what time and day
suits you best and you get yourself a
meeting get your situation over get
someone to look at that I think it is
extremely important right now more than
ever before all right give me the
feedback when you sign up with them I
want to know what you think like I said
it's totally free link will be in the
description and at the money gps.com so
hit that thumbs up I do appreciate your
support and of course make sure you come
back tomorrow take care